C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto Hector\Entities\bin\Debug\net6.0\Entities.deps.json
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto Hector\Entities\bin\Debug\net6.0\Entities.dll
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto Hector\Entities\bin\Debug\net6.0\Entities.pdb
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto Hector\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto Hector\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto Hector\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto Hector\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto Hector\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto Hector\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.dll
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto Hector\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\Entities.dll
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto Hector\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.pdb
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto Hector\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\Entities.dll
c:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Metodo sencillo\Entities\bin\Debug\net6.0\Entities.deps.json
c:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Metodo sencillo\Entities\bin\Debug\net6.0\Entities.dll
c:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Metodo sencillo\Entities\bin\Debug\net6.0\Entities.pdb
c:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Metodo sencillo\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Metodo sencillo\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Metodo sencillo\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Metodo sencillo\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Metodo sencillo\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Metodo sencillo\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.dll
c:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Metodo sencillo\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\Entities.dll
c:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Metodo sencillo\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.pdb
c:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Metodo sencillo\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\Entities.dll
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto\Backend\Entities\bin\Debug\net6.0\Entities.deps.json
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto\Backend\Entities\bin\Debug\net6.0\Entities.dll
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto\Backend\Entities\bin\Debug\net6.0\Entities.pdb
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto\Backend\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto\Backend\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto\Backend\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto\Backend\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto\Backend\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto\Backend\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.dll
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto\Backend\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\Entities.dll
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto\Backend\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\Entities.pdb
C:\Users\gibra\Desktop\PLL\Web\.Net\Proyecto\Backend\Entities\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\Entities.dll
